Update Faq Around SOC & ISO (#513)
EventStore/documentation: docs/cloud/faq/README.md

The Cloud Console access audit log is in our roadmap, we will present the details of the schedule on the public [roadmap](https://www.eventstore.com/event-store-cloud) page.

> #### Does Event Store have a security policy?

Reviewer: I think that this question is still valid. People were asking for that. It might be worth asking Andres if we have something to show in public or a dedicated point of contact to get it.

Author: going to re-add it & we can wait for further info from the CISO .
( we need to get the ISO / SOC out )

> Event Store Ltd is very security conscious. Our Cloud offering has been independently audited and we achieved SOC 2 Type 1 and ISO 27001 certification in January 2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Event Store Ltd is aware of the security importance. We're treating it is as a high priority. Our Cloud offering has been independently audited, and we achieved [SOC 2](https://www.aicpa.org/interestareas/frc/assuranceadvisoryservices/aicpasoc2report.html) and [ISO 27001](https://www.iso.org/isoiec-27001-information-security.html) certification in January 2022.
```
